In what terms should we think of these beings, nonhuman yet possessing so very many human-like characteristics? How should we treat them? Surely we should treat them with the same consideration and kindness as we show to other humans; and as we recognize human rights, so too should we recognize the rights of the great apes? Yes.
If our actions stem from honesty, kindness, caring, and vision, then no matter what the result of our efforts, we have added something of value to our souls and to the world.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Kindness and compassion toward all living things is a mark of a civilized society. Conversely, cruelty, whether it is directed against human beings or against animals, is not the exclusive province of any one culture or community of people. Racism, economic deprival, dog fighting and cock fighting, bull fighting and rodeos are cut from the same fabric: violence. Only when we have become nonviolent toward all life will we have learned to live well ourselves.
Praise will come to those whose kindness leaves you without debt.
The Way is harshness greeted with kindness, fear greeted with fortitude.
Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
Spontaneous kindness is to hipsters as high beams are to deer.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
There are no thanks for a kindness, which has been delayed.
There is no duty more obligatory than the repayment of kindness.
Yet do I fear thy nature;
It is too full o' the milk of human kindness.
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
To be able under all circumstances to practice five things constitutes perfect virtue; these five things are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness and kindness.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster. Your life will never be the same again.
The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
I have learnt silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers.
Politeness is half good manners and half good lying.
The society of women is the element of good manners.
Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
There is a homely old adage which runs: Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far. If the American nation will speak softly, and yet build and keep at a pitch of the highest training a thoroughly efficient navy, the Monroe Doctrine will go far.
Non-violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind.
Non-violence is the policy of the vegetable kingdom
You can't be truly rude until you understand good manners.
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength.
America: the only country in the world where failing to promote yourself is regarded as being arrogant.
There cannot be greater rudeness than to interrupt another in the current of his discourse.
Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship; and it is by far the best ending for one.
May the hinges of our friendship never grow rusty.
True friendship is never serene.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
True friendship is seen through the heart not through the eyes.
Adversity is the touchstone of friendship.
A hedge between keeps friendship green.
And in the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and the sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: What! You too? I thought I was the only one.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
To like and dislike the same things, that is indeed true friendship.
It isn't kind to cultivate a friendship just so one will have an audience.
Never refuse any advance of friendship, for if nine out of ten bring you nothing, one alone may repay you.
Friendship make prosperity more shining and lessens adversity by dividing and sharing it.
History teaches that wars begin when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.
Nonviolence is the answer to the crucial political and moral questions of our time; the need for mankind to overcome oppression and violence without resorting to oppression and violence. Mankind must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression, and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
Aggression unchallenged is aggression unleashed.
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
My passions were all gathered together like fingers that made a fist. Drive is considered aggression today; I knew it then as purpose.
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
The only thing that's been a worse flop than the organization of non-violence has been the organization of violence.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Communication works for those who work at it.
When all other means of communication fail, try words
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them
Communication is depositing a part of yourself in another person.
Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.
Public speaking is the art of diluting a two-minute idea with a two-hour vocabulary.
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.
Two men in a burning house must not stop to argue
Examine what is said, not who speaks
Use soft words and hard arguments.
The tongue is the only tool that gets sharper with use
The language of the body is the key that can unlock the soul.
There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about.
Conversation is the slowest form of human communication.
Many attempts to communicate are nullified by saying too much.
No man pleases by silence; many I please by speaking briefly.
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
True friends stab you in the front.
One kiss breaches the distance between friendship and love
The difference between friendship and love is how much you can hurt each other
Only a life lived for others is worth living
God save me from my friends - I can protect myself from my enemies.
Friends are thieves of time.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind. 
He who angers you conquers you.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end. 
Wit is the lowest form of humor.
Humor is reason gone mad. 